Troy Henikoff (he/him): We got everybody here we're ready to go.
Lilliana Robinson: I think we have everyone. So you guys, Troy is gonna go through. We do this every time together. He's gonna give you some tips and tricks from his time as an Md. He's helped hundreds and hundreds of companies prepare for Demo Day. He's gonna help, you guys, which is so generous. It's awesome. He doesn't do this for every program. So it's a privilege.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Just you.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Oh, Jessa. Oh, wow!
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, yeah, this is a just, you know, the Chicago Og group kind of thing.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you. Well, we appreciate it. They know how big a deal it is. And they're excited for your your time and your expertise. So we'll let Troy give his presentation. You guys can ask questions. We'll see some examples, and then we'll go through live. So that's kind of our run of show, I'll hand it off to you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That's great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Alright, real quickly. Alright, I'm set up here. What I want to do is I'm gonna talk to you about so years of creating demo day presentations. I think
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I really think there are some tricks to it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and then and then we'll do the 1st step, which is, I want to make sure you guys have awesome elevator pitches. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): alright, if I do this right, I'm going, and I, of course, as I always do, I'll share this deck with you. So you get to see the deck. What you won't get to see is you won't get a copy of the video that is played within the deck. Because when I Pdf, the deck, obviously, the video doesn't happen. So I would encourage you to
Troy Henikoff (he/him): oh, they changed. There's the share, sound and optimize for video. They moved it in. Zoom. It's now on the right, not on the bottom anymore. Alright.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So I think I just shared my main screen. That says techstars right with the old logo.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep, we can see that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Awesome great. So you can tell. I've been doing this for a long time. This is a very outdated techstars. Logo. I apologize. But it's about creating great presentations.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so when I think about great presentations, one of the most important things is to understand that there are different kinds of presentations that require
Troy Henikoff (he/him): different kinds of content.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So think about an elevator pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Obviously, that's short. We're going to talk more about elevator pitches in a minute, you know a venture. Capital pitch is very different from a Vc pitch
Troy Henikoff (he/him): or a Demo day pitch. V. Sorry. Vc. Pitch is very different than a Demo day pitch
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and a pitch competition is something even different. It may seem like a pitch. Competition would be like a Demo day pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know, each of these has its own objective.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So I want to talk about it for a second. So an elevator pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): When I do my 2 line elevator pitch, my goal is to get someone
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to either say, Wow, that's really cool. How do you do, X,
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and dive in? Or to kind of nod their head and say, Oh, it's cool. Well, did you see the World Series game last night?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Which is okay, too.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So you see in sales? Yes, is the best answer, but no is a very good answer. Maybe when you don't know if someone's interested or not, you gotta waste time on them. It's horrible. You want to get them out of maybe land. So the elevator pitch is to really get to that next step.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): a Vc pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The goal of that is typically to get the next meeting right. So we talked about it a little bit on the financial modeling. I would use my Vc. Pitch to get the next meeting, which was the in my case many times was the financial model meeting.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): because it takes multiple meetings to get an investment.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): a Demo day pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's really about entertaining the audience, and your goal is to get them to come up to you afterwards and set a 1st meeting.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So when I ran Techstar, Chicago, which I did for 7 years. I would tell our teams before Demo Day that the company that wins Demo Day I'm using air quotes
Troy Henikoff (he/him): was the company that gets the most meetings scheduled in the next 24 h, and you only have 24 h because people forget about it after that. So really, what you're trying to do is not tell your entire story, but tell enough of the story that they want to hear the rest of the story.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Let's talk about pitch competitions for a minute. I'm sure a bunch of you have done pitch competitions.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But here's the thing about pitch competitions. Most people who do them
Troy Henikoff (he/him): have no idea how they're being judged.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): have no idea what the criteria is for winning the pitch competition.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And I know this because I judge these things, and many times when I judge these things, I show up, and they have a little meeting beforehand for the judges. And the 1st question I have I raised my hand really high? I'm like, what's the criteria? They're like, well, the best pitch wins.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and then I become kind of a hard ass about it, I'm like, well, do you mean the pitch that has the best presentation skills? Do you mean the company that has the most revenue? Do you mean the one that has the most traction? Do you mean the one that I think has the brightest future like? How are we judging this?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And many people who run these pitch competitions don't know
Troy Henikoff (he/him): they're like, well, whatever you think is best, and that's horrible.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You can't win a game if you don't know what the rules of the game are.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Literally.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I have this really funny interaction with some techstars, founders, from Chicago years ago, who were from India.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): great guys, and they came over. And they. It was their 1st week in Chicago, and the 1st week of the program we took them to a Chicago Cubs game.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and we took the whole cohort. We had a box. One of the investors lent us their box, and these guys had never seen American baseball before.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but they knew cricket
Troy Henikoff (he/him): for those of you who know both they're quite different.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and they were so confused like. Tell me the rules of the game, and I'm like trying to go through the rules of baseball, and if you think about it at the high level, it's simple. But there are a lot of rules like, you know. What do you do on a fly ball and tagging up? And if it's dropped and a you know foul anyway, all the crazy stuff.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They could not have stepped out on the field and played the game because they didn't know the rules.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What makes you think you can step out and win a pitch competition if you don't know the rules.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So what I implore, implore you please, when you enter pitch competitions long before the competition starts, you should email the people who are running competition say, Hey, can you give me the rubric?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What's the criteria for winning this competition? How are you judging it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Half of them won't know, and it will force them to ask a bunch of questions and make that decision and then communicate back to you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But it's so important to understand. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): now let's talk about demo day pitches. I just wanted to do this because what we're going to talk about for Demo day pitches is not the appropriate approach for Zvc pitch, and may not be the appropriate approach for pitch competition depending on what the rubric is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): All right. So let's go into a demo day pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think it's pretty simple.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): 1st thing is, you have a very short time to get the judges attention or the audience's attention in a Demo day pitch. Because you're fighting against this thing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The phone is beeping and buzzing and saying, Give me attention. Give me attention. Give me attention. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you gotta have a big opening, and you have like 15 to 20 seconds to get their attention.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): If you don't have their attention in 15 or 20 seconds. They're gonna be on their phone.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And we're going to talk about what that looks like. The big opening.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The second problem is, so my daughter.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): who is now actually is about the same age as Chloe and has was an associate at techstars for a couple of years. She used to love when I would go to demo days, and she'd cut or pitch competitions whatever. And she comes, she said, what were the best companies, and I tell her a company like, she said, well, what did they talk about?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And here's the thing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): If they talked about like 8 or 10 different big bullet points.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I my brain's not that good. I could only remember like 3 of them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so I
Troy Henikoff (he/him): roll off the 3 that I remembered.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): which may not have been the most important 3 to the founders.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): There is a very simple way to solve for this.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): When you are crafting your pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): think about. What are the 3 takeaways that you want the audience to remember?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And those are the only ones you talk about.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): because if you talk about something else
Troy Henikoff (he/him): it's going to potentially take away
Troy Henikoff (he/him): from one of the primary ones. So if I'm being very generic and you should not be this generic, the more specific you are the better. But if I think about if I'm pitching a company, and I know
Troy Henikoff (he/him): there's a giant market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): we have great margins and a great go-to-market strategy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): If you, as an investor, believe big market big margins, great go to market strategy, you're gonna write a check.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): or at least want the next meeting to find out if you're gonna write a check.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But don't give a laundry list about how great your team is and your experience. And and you know your marketing camp like, like, keep it focused on the 3. You could maybe go to 4. But don't do that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Don't do anymore.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Stay focused on what's important
Troy Henikoff (he/him): close with a call to action.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Everybody in the audience at Demo Day
Troy Henikoff (he/him): is there because they want to help.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Some are there because they want to. You know, they want to see what's what's around. But they want to help. They care about you all.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And if you give a great pitch. And like, Yeah, we're this great company. And we got great big market, and we got good go to market. And you know, good margins. And you know. Thanks a lot.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It feels empty.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But if you have a call to action which could be.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): we're opening around. If you know anybody who wants to invest, please reach out. It could be we're looking for customers. So if you know any b 2 b companies that are in this space. And and, you know, look like this. That would be great. It could be more specific. We're talking to Hr. Managers at companies of 500 to 5,000 employees. I would love connections to any that you have.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): People want to help, and giving them a call to action makes them feel good
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and helps them help you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): so please have a call to action.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): This one I have to give credit to David Cohen show. Don't tell.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's so much more compelling when you show them your product. This is why we call it Demo Day.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and this is why.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): lilliana, I assume we're doing the same format. You've done the last couple of sessions with the okay, yep, great. So you're gonna have a minute video specifically to show them your product.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And that's because
Troy Henikoff (he/him): this team has realized how important that is that everybody has to like focus, show, and make sure you show.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then 2 other things.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): One is. Stories are what
Troy Henikoff (he/him): make people. Remember
Troy Henikoff (he/him): what you said.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Tell a story. There is a great book. If any of you have any time to speed, read, or to look at a book it's called Made to Stick.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's by the Heath Brothers, Heath and Heath.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's a fun entertaining book.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and it's all about how you use stories
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to get your ideas to stick, and of course they do it too. So they open with a story.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And it's like this crazy story of some guy who's in a hotel, and he wakes up in a bathtub and he's bleed. There's blood in the water, and he doesn't know where he is and what happened.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and then they cut to something else like, Wait, what about the dude in the bathtub? And you're like, you want to know what's going on.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and they use those stories to make their point.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and they teach you how to use your stories to make a point.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so stories are always helpful. But don't overdo it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Everybody on Demos a day does something like meet Jane. Jane is our ideal customer. Jane wants to get food at the store and doesn't know what to order. So our app helps her do it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Hi.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): if you, when you hear 12 of those in a row, it's really boring.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So you gotta use stories, but you gotta be creative about your stories.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the last one
Troy Henikoff (he/him): is extra credit.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): People don't remember what you say nearly as much as they remember how you made them feel.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Let me tell you a quick story
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the very 1st demo day that we did for Chicago before we were even techstars. We were called Accelerate Labs in 2,010.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We had no idea what we were doing. This was a startup. We had never done a demo. Day before we had the House of Blues in Chicago. 3 stories of people it was amazing, packed with with investors.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and the very 1st presenter was Desiree.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And literally none of us had any idea how this like are they just gonna keep making noise and not pay attention to the person on the stage. What's gonna happen
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and
Troy Henikoff (he/him): desert. We did this format where there were people who would introduce before each
Troy Henikoff (he/him): founder.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And typically it was an investor who said, Hi! I'm Troy. I'm an investor. I'm investing in this company. They are great. I'm proud to share with you, you know. You should listen real carefully, and you should invest, too, like that was a great kind of introduction.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But for Desiree she wanted to do something different.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I I didn't know
Troy Henikoff (he/him): quite what she was gonna do. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What happened was.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): things were quiet. The lights went down, and this kind of mousy woman, who was very uncomfortable. She clearly didn't want to be out there, and she kind of scurried out on to the stage, and she said, Hi, my name's Jessica and I'm here because of give forward.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and she runs off the stage.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Everybody's kind of like. What was that?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then Desiree comes out, and if any of you have ever met Desiree. She's
Troy Henikoff (he/him): awesome. She has a great stage present.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and she says, yes, that was Jessica. Let me tell you her story.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I am not going to do this justice, but I'll do my best.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Jessica was born with
Troy Henikoff (he/him): some sort of birth. Defect
Troy Henikoff (he/him): has had a
Troy Henikoff (he/him): litany of health issues over over her lifetime, including a heart transplant.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): one lung transplanted blah blah blah blah!
Troy Henikoff (he/him): She has exhausted
Troy Henikoff (he/him): all of the medical insurance that blue cross blue shield will provide to her over 2 million dollars worth of benefits.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and
Troy Henikoff (he/him): she found out 2 years ago
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that she needed a kidney transplant to survive.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Fortunately
Troy Henikoff (he/him): her family all went in for testing, and her sister tested positive to be a exact match for her kidney transplant, and her sister was willing
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to donate her kid one kidney
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to help Jessica survive.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the family didn't have the money.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and Blue Cross wouldn't pay for it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They weren't going to be able to afford the surgery.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but fortunately a good friend found. Give forward the 1st crowdfunding medical site.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): put Jessica's story on. Get forward! Raise the $35,000 they needed for the surgery in less than 2 weeks.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Jessica's sister donated her kidney. Jessica is healthy today, and she's here on stage because of give forward.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't know if it's just my memory, or if it, if if it, the story is that good? But I got goosebumps when I was telling you that story.
Dave Scott: So, Troy. I know you're paraphrasing, but that was about 40 seconds. We only have a minute. Do you propose that our personal story is 40 seconds of the.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Oh, so so I
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I want to be clear. The format has changed of how we do things at techstars. I'm just trying to make the point that 15 years ago
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Desiree got out on stage and told a story that was about 40. She had 10 min for her total pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and it literally gave people goosebumps, and you could hear a PIN drop in that audience, and everybody will remember it because of how it made them feel. Oh, my God! She is here because of give forward
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right now. You don't have that much time. You don't have the luxury of that much time, and I'll work with you, and the team will work with you on. How do you craft what you want to say? And how do you craft
Troy Henikoff (he/him): How do you craft what you're going to put in your video? And how do you craft? What questions you want to have asked in the
Troy Henikoff (he/him): in the interview section.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But my point wasn't to use 40 seconds for your story. My point was hopefully, that gave some of you the chills. And you were like, wow.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): this comp, like I, I got the feels from that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And whether it's your story or a story about someone using your product, or whatever. If you can evoke emotion in your audience, they will never forget you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And here's the reality. There are going to be 12 of you up there.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and you know if people in the audience you want to stand out.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so
Troy Henikoff (he/him): if if you're just yet another, you know, slide deck and video and boring
Troy Henikoff (he/him): interview, they're not going to remember you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but if they're like, but like with give forward, they're like, Oh, my God! I want to talk to that woman with the kidney transplant like. That's what people were like the woman who saved the life
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like, I want to talk to her.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so you wanna if you can use stories and use emotion. Does that make sense?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And I apologize? I don't see your faces right now, because I'm on
Troy Henikoff (he/him): full screen.
Lilliana Robinson: They're nodding. Try. Everyone's following along, and there's nothing in the chat.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): All right, great, all right. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): signal to noise. Do we have any engineers in the crowd who can tell me what signal to noise means
Troy Henikoff (he/him): nobody. What do you think it means?
Lilliana Robinson: We have lots of engineers.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Okay, signal is actually the information transfer
Çoruh | CogniScope: noise is the inevitable
Çoruh | CogniScope: the inevitable transformation of non-intended information.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yep.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Very good description.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know, for those of you who are old enough to remember when cars had radios that had a dial where you had to turn it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What would happen is when you were zeroing in on an FM. Radio station would be all.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and when you got it just perfect. The music was louder than the static, and if you were right on, you got a lot of music and very little static. But if you're off a little bit. You got a bunch of static. That's the signal to noise. Ratio
Troy Henikoff (he/him): pitches. It is so important
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you should have 0 words
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that are not signals. So when we were doing 10 min pitches.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): there were some people who felt like, Well, I gotta fill up the whole 10 min. No.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And again, this is generics, and I want to be clear that both my story and introduction and talking about emotion, this is for you generically. This isn't just for this demo day. But when you're thinking because you are going to be in pitch competitions, you are going to be pitching to Vcs. And there is stuff
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that's going to apply like, Oh, I want to be able to evoke some emotion. I do. I have a personal story that I can tell in 30 seconds. That'll do. That right signal to noise applies to all of these as well.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You should not have Filler. This is not like an 8th grade book. Report where they say it has to be 3 pages. And so you're gonna make up stuff and and fill in with garbage just to make it be 3 pages. If you have 10 min to give a pitch, and you only have 7 min of content, give them 7 min.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and have no filler. Have incredible direct signal. No noise.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): If you have 10 min of stuff. Fine in your case, you're gonna have 1 min for your video. You're gonna have 1 min for your individual pitch. There should not be an extra word.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): There should not be an
Troy Henikoff (he/him): in your 1 min pitch, because that's noise.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Signal to noise very important.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then let's get the story right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so I have a process that I use when developing pitches with slides. And I know that you're not doing that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): slide. You don't have multiple slides for your pitch right now, but you could do the same thing with
Troy Henikoff (he/him): your text.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So what I do when Slide and I'll go through the slide version and we'll just do text version next. So what I do. And I did this with my teams for 7 years at techstars is the very 1st version of their deck, because they did the old style where they just had 10 min. It was a deck and a presentation. That's it. There was no special video section, no interview. I like this, the format that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that the team does now better. I think it's much more interesting. But anyway, we would start out, and the 1st version is black text.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): white background.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): one slide for every slide. You think you're going to have
Troy Henikoff (he/him): put the black text on it. White background. Spend no time. This is this is
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Gonna get thrown out. It's gonna get changed. You don't want to have any investment in it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Each slide should have an objective.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): If you don't have an objective for a slide, you shouldn't have the slide
Troy Henikoff (he/him): translating for you for this 1 min.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): If you don't have an objective or something you want to see.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you want to say you shouldn't say it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): at this level in your low fidelity prototype. No pictures, no graphs. You do not invest any time in beauty.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What we have to do is create a story.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so the 1st few iterations were just about the story.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Now, since you're not using slides, you do the same thing with an outline.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and your outline could be. Here are the 3 big points I want to make under each point. Here are the sub points I want to make. You should be dealing with it at that level. Don't be writing text and dealing with word choices and all that. Let's focus on the points you want to make.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): because if you have the points right
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and you have the sub points right, the text will flow.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So when I'm doing
Troy Henikoff (he/him): actual decks.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I literally start out. You can see here on the bottom. It says, objective.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): huge, potential market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The objective of this slide is to show the audience that there is a big market here.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Now I'm gonna have the words total addressable market on the top.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and maybe I'll some sort of bar graph of how the market has changed over the 10. You look at my dates. You can tell how long I've been doing this. Anyway. 20. When I started doing this, 2020 was way in the future. It's funny I should update that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and I have one of these for every single slide. And I do this today. By the way. You know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Math, we have 43 active companies. Still, a bunch of them are fundraising when they're fundraising creating Vc. Decks if they want my help. I say, all right. The 1st thing you got to do is put an objective on each slide. What is the purpose of this slide? If you don't have a purpose for the slide, you should not have the slide, and if you have 3 purposes for the slide, it should be 3 different slides.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and if you're presenting at
Troy Henikoff (he/him): other events, things like pitch competitions having an objective for each slide makes it so much easier for you to present, because if you know what the objective is. You don't have to worry about memorizing the words.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The objective of this slide is huge potential market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So when the slide comes up. You're like, and look at the size of our potential market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You don't have to say it the right way. It doesn't matter. You need to get the point across.
Annie Brown: So what
Annie Brown: doing that for both the
Annie Brown: decks that you're going to be presenting, and for decks that are for like sending that don't have any talking with them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So I feel really strongly that I do not send a deck unless I have presented it first.st
Annie Brown: Oh, okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And I'm even happy to share with you guys, I have a little video about that. But just like in the financial modeling you saw me say, hold the
Troy Henikoff (he/him): model hostage to get the next meeting. I hold the deck hostage to get the 1st meeting. So what I have, and I feel really strongly about this, and most people agree, not everybody. But I have a 1 page
Troy Henikoff (he/him): executive, summary.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): or overview, that I send out all the time you interested in my company. Here it is, and it should have all the pieces it should have like a little graph going up into the right, it should have problem solution, maybe faces of the people who are there and some Logos about the great work they've done. It's a teaser.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then, if you want the meeting.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): we'll go over a deck in the meeting, and I push back hard. If an investor says, hey? Send me the deck, and then I'll decide.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'll say, you know my deck really isn't meant to be sent it it doesn't. It's just meant to be a background for a discussion. So why don't we meet in person? And I'll review the deck, and then you can have a copy of it afterwards. But it won't make any sense if I just send it. It's just background for discussion.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and some investors will say, No, no, no, send the deck. I won't meet with you without sending the deck, and if they do, I say well.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): it it's not gonna make any sense. I you know, if you're not willing to meet then. We may as well go our own ways.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And I even did this when we were raising money for math.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and I remember when we're raising money for the 1st round of math. My partner, Mark and I talked about this.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and then I don't know a couple of weeks into it. Mark's like, Well, where's the latest version of the deck?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And I said, Well, it's on Dropbox. But why, I don't think, do you have a meeting today. It's like, Oh, no, but I got an investor who asked for it so well, did you meet with them? It's like, no, but they asked for the Dac.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Like Mark, we don't send the deck.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's like, but but an investor asked for it like, Yeah, get a meeting, hold it, hostage. Get the meeting.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Are you sure I don't want to say no to investor? I'm like, yes, I'm sure
Troy Henikoff (he/him): 90% of the time it works.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You will get the meeting. You'll go through it. It works beautifully 10% of the time, they may say, No, if you're not going to send a deck I won't meet. And you know what? They probably weren't serious. Because here's the rub.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They should be investing in you as humans. This is early stage. It is 90% team.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's 10% market size and go to market. And all that stuff that stuff's gonna change. It's really about the humans.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so if they're going to look at a deck and what you say about market size and decide to invest or not. They don't care about the humans.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That's not who you want as an investor in a early stage.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): If this were a private equity company, you had 10 million dollars of revenue, 50 million dollars worth of revenue. The deck is really important.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It goes out first.st
Annie Brown: Yeah, I I love that approach, I think, sending the one pager and then just saying, Happy to go through the deck with you on on a call like in an email, and making that really clear.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Absolutely. If you can get in person to show the deck that's best. Second best would be a zoom call. I know we we've gotten used to zoom and zoom. I mean, we're doing it right now. If I could do this in person it would be easier, but that would have required me getting on a plane to San Francisco, and it's much easier for me to
Troy Henikoff (he/him): sit in my home office. So, anyway, yep.
Annie Brown: Thank you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Awesome, all right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to show you a demo day presentation from the old techstars format. So this is not an example of what you are building
Troy Henikoff (he/him): my goal in showing you. This is for you to see
Troy Henikoff (he/him): what a great presentation can look like if you follow this process.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's a guy named Mark. He's the CEO. He's a nerdy engineer, and when I say nerdy, I mean nerdy right. He was totally uncomfortable with speaking in public.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): He was very nervous.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and I want you to watch this, and I want you to be critical of his presentation, and I want you to think about. Was there a story? Would I invest? Did I like the way he presented? I'm obviously biased. I think he did a great job. He's still running his company today. I just heard from him last week, and I have a meeting that catch up with him next week. So we're gonna watch this. If
Troy Henikoff (he/him): if Chloe, if you could just verbally tell me that you hear the audio properly once I started. That would be great. I cannot see you guys because I'm on full screen. Okay.
Chloe Lannert: Sounds good.
Chloe Lannert: Have you ever seen a ups truck make.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Left-hand turn.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You might have heard that Ups is so obsessed with efficiency that their trucks are forbidden from making left-hand turns.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Well, let me tell you that's bullshit.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): My name is Mark, founder of Routific.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm not gonna oh, shoot! I didn't mean to do that. I thought I could pause it. I'll have to go back. I'm sorry I meant to, for I meant to tell you this beforehand. He used a different technique for a big opening. We'll talk about what some of them are. He swore on stage. He gave people something they didn't expect.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and the audience was like they laughed, and they're like, Oh, crap! I better pay attention
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right? So I apologize. We'll just do this again, and then I I will not interrupt at this time.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Have you ever seen a ups truck make a left-hand turn?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You might have heard that Ups is so obsessed with efficiency that their trucks are forbidden from making left-hand turns.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Well, let me tell you that's Bullshit.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): My name is Mark, founder of Routific, and I'm not here to bullshit you. I'm here to tell you a true story of Alex, the CEO of local libations, one of the 42 customers currently paying for routific.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They deliver 100,000 bottles of beer across the city of Austin every week. Alex's job is to make sure all his deliveries are on time, and to do this he used to spend 2 h every morning, manually planning his routes with excel spreadsheets.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Then he and his team zigzagged across town, racing to get everything done
Troy Henikoff (he/him): while he covered every stop.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Alex knew there had to be a more efficient route for his trucks.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but he couldn't figure it out.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): His logistics had become such a bottleneck that Alex was forced to turn down business.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So how did he solve this?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Did he buy more trucks?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Nope. Did he avoid left-hand turns? No, Alex was smarter than that he googled Route optimization and found us. Let me show you how Rotific changed Alex's world
Troy Henikoff (he/him): this morning. Alex took his list of 57 stops and dropped it into ratific.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Oh, and, by the way, with 57 stops, you already have 40 quattrovigitillion possible permutations, each of which represents a delivery schedule for Alex.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The routing problem is considered one of the hardest problems in computer science.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Our proprietary algorithm can churn through these permutations and generate an optimized schedule in seconds.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Next Alex dispatched those routes directly to his driver's smartphones. We made Route optimization, that simple.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We helped Alex reclaim 2 h of his workday, which he now spends growing his business.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What's more, we cut his driving time and fuel consumption in half.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): This allowed Alex to serve more customers without buying more trucks or hiring more staff.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): In fact, Alex tells us that he has now doubled the number of deliveries he makes every single day.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Isn't that amazing?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I get really excited about this. You see, my story started 7 years ago when I wrote my thesis on Advanced Route optimization algorithms.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But instead of publishing papers, I want to apply it to the real world and make real businesses run more efficiently.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So I assembled a team
Troy Henikoff (he/him): a team that is not only strong on product and design with Andre, Stefano and Jonathan. We also have 16 years of sales and marketing experience between Andrew Suzanne and me.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): When I was a consultant I built routing systems for large corporations, and along the way I learned something interesting about the industry.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Let me share it with you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): even though ups Fedex and the Us. Postal service have invested billions of dollars to build route optimization in-house.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They only account for 6.5% of the delivery market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Then you have large corporations that can afford to pay consultants to implement enterprise routing software. But even if you take all 300 of the largest fleets in America, they still only account for 18.5% of the market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So what about the rest?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): These are the 350,000 fleets with 4.5 million trucks on the road, and almost all of them are still routed manually. They desperately need route. Optimization and routeific is built to meet exactly this need.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Now. In the past there have been a handful of companies who tried to go after this market, but as soon as they gained any sort of traction. They were immediately acquired by larger enterprises.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Their product and team were absorbed
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and their focus shifted. Upmarket, leaving behind a big hole.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Rotific is the only solution dedicated for the masses.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): These are some of our customers who already cannot live without us.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We have a simple revenue model. We charge $39 per vehicle per month. That's nearly $500 a year.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Our average customer has 8 vehicles. They pay us almost $4,000 each year.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We've learned that it cost us $952 to acquire a customer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The acquisition cost is paid back within 4 months.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Now, the only thing we need to do is step on the gas and get the word out.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Here's how we go to market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We have 3 different approaches for 3 different segments of the market
Troy Henikoff (he/him): for small fleets. We rely on SEO and ads for fleets between 10 and 50 vehicles, the meat of the market. This is where we focus our direct sales and marketing efforts
Troy Henikoff (he/him): for larger fleets. We rely on channel partner integrations.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Channel partners are awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They give us access to large fleets, and they do the selling for us.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Vonnego is a great example.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They've integrated our Api into the Vonigal platform, and that's how we got national accounts like goodwill and habitat for humanity, using rotific every day
Troy Henikoff (he/him): in the last couple of months we've gained a lot of momentum with Channel partners, and we're very excited to be partnering up with these brands.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And with these 3 approaches we've grown on average, more than 25% every month since the beginning of this year.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): This
Troy Henikoff (he/him): is just the start of our journey.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We're on a mission
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to make route optimization accessible to every local delivery business.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We are empowering people like Alex to operate just as efficiently as ups.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What we won't do is forbid them from making left-hand turns.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): My name is Mark. We are artific. Come, talk to us if you'd like to geek out on logistics.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Alright, I want to get out of screen share mode so that I can see all your faces alright, there you guys are. So what do you think?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What did you like about the presentation.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): There is a.
Dave Scott: Customer, Centric.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Sorry go ahead.
Dave Scott: Emotional.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I, like.
Dave Scott: We touched on like.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Every aspect like market size and Channel partners like it overturned a lot of rocks. You weren't left with a lot of questions.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You were left with some, you he covered a bunch of bases, so what he did was he took a lot of the objections he was getting in mentor meetings and stuff and tried to put them in there for reasons people didn't want to talk to him
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right. He made it pretty easy to understand it, like you all understand his business right. Pretty simple.
Morgan Stanton: He described his problem very clearly, and, like the image he showed of like walking. The storytelling storytelling of walking through the problem was very easy to follow and understand.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, and notice it was while it was a deck. It was. I think he used keynote, not Powerpoint. But whatever it was a deck.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It didn't look like a traditional deck, did. It
Troy Henikoff (he/him): wasn't like bullet points.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right? He used the graphic elements. Now, you guys don't have the. But I think you get one slide.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think. Why is that right?
Annie Brown: Oh, yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You get a separate video for the demo, and then you get one slide. But some other things I want to point out about what he did.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So for one, there were no extra words
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): He knew that thing. Cold.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): He he could. Probably he did that in 2,015. I am guessing that if I I'm gonna literally I have a zoom call. He's up in Vancouver. I have a zoom call with him next week. I'll bet he could. If I throw up the slides he could. He could re.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): He could probably come up with 98% of the words like he committed that thing to memory.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): In it, you know, and it'll be there forever. It's sort of like when you're a kid, and you learn the Abcs like you. Don't forget it. None of you have sung the Abcs. Most like, unless you have kids sung the Abcs in decades. But you could do it. Not only could you do it, you could do it while throwing a ball while playing Frisbee while doing like you don't have to stop and think about it, and that allows you
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to do it with emotion. Right? Kids who are learning the Abcs when they're halfway there. They're like A, BCDE, F,
Troy Henikoff (he/him): GAEF. And they keep rewinding and starting again to try to find their place. You don't want to be that person on demo day.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So if you're gonna commit this thing to memory word for word, you better know that word for word where you can do it standing on your head. You can do it when people are throwing crap at you. Chloe will help you with that and like, you have to really know it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): or
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you could just know the bullet points, and what you want to talk to
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the best ones are when you really know it, because then you can give it emotion right? And there's this trajectory you go through. Learning is really awkward. Then you get the words right. Once you have the words right, then you can actually start thinking about how I'm presenting the words.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): He presented the words really well.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): at 1 point he talked really quietly said, let me tell you what I learned
Troy Henikoff (he/him): other times. He got really excited. Let me tell you about the great companies that use ratific every day.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right? That variation in volume.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The variation in pace
Troy Henikoff (he/him): makes it interesting to listen to a speaker.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Imagine if I sent you an email and it was in all caps all the time.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That's what it feels like when someone is talking loud and fast the whole time in their presentation. You only have a minute.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but if your whole minute is loud and fast. It's like all caps.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Now, if I have an email where I'm sending you, and I want to make a point, I may have one word in caps. I may have 2 words in all caps, and they really stand out as important. You now know what I care about
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right? And he did that too.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): He used his voice to let you know what was important
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and what was it?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): He also did a great trick which I love.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): He opened he had his get attention opening right? That's bullshit.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Most of the get attention. Openings are about giant Market, or huge opportunity, or what? Big problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): something that will get their attention. But at the end, his very last line he tied back to the opening. So you remembered that opening.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): he said. What we're gonna do is we're gonna make people
Troy Henikoff (he/him): more efficient. What we're not going to do
Troy Henikoff (he/him): is forbid them from making left-hand turns.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And it brought you back to the opening. It kind of wrapped it up in a bow.
Annie Brown: I like that. That opening was also
Annie Brown: teaching people something. So it's like some fact that they didn't know, like, you know, did you know that Ups forbids their team from making left hand turns.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, yeah. So one of the best attention getting things
Troy Henikoff (he/him): is, if you have something people think they know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and you show them that they are wrong.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): because if if you tell them things they already know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): America has 335 million people. Yeah. You know, our political system is divided. 50, 50. Yeah, whatever it is, they're like nodding. And then they're going to sleep. And they're going to their phone.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But
Troy Henikoff (he/him): if you tell them something. You they didn't know they're like Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Wait! I better pay attention. I didn't know that thing
Troy Henikoff (he/him): because you're trying to get their attention right. And so I really do like an opening
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that gets their attention, and it can be by telling them something they don't know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): or they don't expect.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It can be by showing them that this is an unserved market that's huge. And you know how big your company is going to be that they're really excited about because they're investors. It can be surprising them in some other way. But that's yeah, exactly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So. Who wants to invest in rotific?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, so they've done well. They're in, you know. They have many millions of dollars of revenue today, not tens of millions. I don't think yet, but many millions. They've been cash flow positive. They raised a tiny amount of money early on 500,000 or something. I don't, and maybe they raised a tiny bit more, but they haven't raised much money, which is good, because that means they've created value without getting diluted.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And
Troy Henikoff (he/him): anyway, they're doing well. But okay, any other questions about routific.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): even though you're not doing a presentation in that style. Was it helpful to see that to give you ideas?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, hopefully, it was.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Dave doesn't think so. But that's okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Alright. So what we're gonna do next
Troy Henikoff (he/him): is each of you
Troy Henikoff (he/him): is gonna pitch me your elevator pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and then I'm going to give you feedback one on one on it. And the reason we do this as a group
Troy Henikoff (he/him): is that you're gonna very quickly see some patterns to how I do this. And hopefully, by the time we get halfway or 2 thirds of the way through, you guys are gonna be able to pitch, give each other feedback, and do the pitch as well as I could do it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So I know it's awkward to go first, st but the people who go first, st tend to get a lot more attention and a lot more time.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Who wants to go? Actually, lilliana.
Lilliana Robinson: I'll let people volunteer to go first.st There's also no expectations when you go first.st I was, gonna say, some of the best pitch coaches end up being your fellow classmate.
Lilliana Robinson: and those are the kinds of people that we invite back as alumni to help. So like when the alumni help you. Those are the people that help their class.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. Dominique got it. And then, Troy, you can go next. Remember, everyone's gonna go.
Lilliana Robinson: And this is also
Lilliana Robinson: just your 1st draft. So we're recording. So you'll be able to look back on the feedback you get right now. But it's also just we're breaking like we're basically ripping off the Bandaid after today, you guys are gonna actually start iterating on your pitch on your own. And then Troy will be back in 2 weeks to see where where it's gotten to between now and then.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, Dominique.
Lilliana Robinson: go ahead.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Perfect. Thank you. And just to clarify 30 seconds or 60 seconds.
Lilliana Robinson: 60 seconds. But for a lot of you you might not have 60 seconds yet to do as much as you have. I'm gonna stop you guys, when it's 60 seconds.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Okay, got it, Okey Dokey.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: We're currently in the greatest wealth transfer of all time. Millennials are set to inherit 90 trillion dollars in the Us. Alone, with 8 out of 10 millennials seeking professional financial advice online. This presents a massive opportunity for wealth managers.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: but 50% of financial firms are archaic. They lack the time, tools and resources to reach this audience online. I know this because I was previously the global head of marketing at the world's largest wealth manager Ubs.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: At Agent Luna. We're solving this. Our AI powered Saas platform enables wealth managers to intelligently engage millennial investors through automated compliant data, driven content, combining over 25 years of firsthand experience in marketing investments in Silicon Valley Tech. We help wealth. Managers become digital rock stars.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I'm Dominique CEO and co-founder of Agent Luna intros to wealth managers ready to future proof. Their organizations are always welcome. Thank you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So that was.
Lilliana Robinson: Second.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That was very good. You've obviously worked on this before that wasn't off the cuff. That was very, very good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I have a couple of questions, though.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So it sounds like you're selling to wealth managers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that's your customer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What is the job to be done? Why do wealth managers want to hire you.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: That's a great question. So, to give you some background, it it actually was the 1st time doing that pitch refreshing to a pivot. So I appreciate that feedback in terms of the job to be done. We're specifically. And the I think I'm already gonna get your feedback here. We're specifically selling to marketing managers within the organization. And the job to be done is is that they need a solution that enables them to quickly and efficiently get online,
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: so that they can reach the modern day investor.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So here's what I'm confused about.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm confused about the difference between my actual solution.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): how I manage people's money and what I do and what results I get.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and the marketing of that solution.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And what I thought I heard was that you are a better marketing solution
Troy Henikoff (he/him): for these wealth managers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But I heard you talking about this AI powered wealth manager thing. And so then I was confused about, are you a marketing solution, or are you a wealth management software platform.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Got it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Which are you?
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: That's what I thought.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay. So if you're the 1st one.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): then you should not be talking so much about
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the wealth management solution. So let me try to spit back at you something, and let's see if this is I'm gonna
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm not going to be accurate. But let me see if I could do something that's more in that direction.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I like the opening.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The greatest transfer of wealth in the history of the world is happening now. 90 trillion dollars, or whatever it is the millennials are going to inherit, and this is an opportunity. There are wealth managers who know how to manage wealth, who have great software packages. Who can man do turn that 90 trillion into 180 trillion dollars?
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: But they.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Got a problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They don't know how to reach the millennials.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We? What's the name of your company?
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Agent, Luna.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): At Agent Lunar have the experience and the knowledge.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We know where those millennials live and act and what they want.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and specifically with our social media skills. AI driven content manager, whatever. Blah blah blah, we are going to help them get to the people
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that they need to reach so that they can manage that 90 trillion dollars.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: yeah, right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That was rough.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but the idea because you have a lot of concepts in there. But I really think if you talk about and again. Think about this. If I were doing it in person I'd be on the whiteboard
Troy Henikoff (he/him): giant problem.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Did it?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Good job of that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): wealth managers ready to solve this problem. But they can't reach their audience.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What we do. We're the experts.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: And then.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Then you can throw in. And I know this because I ran the marketing whatever at ubs blah blah blah! Come, talk to us as we as we connect.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And maybe you talk about the size of the wealth management market. We connect the, you know, whatever 1.2 million wealth managers who are currently managing, you know, have aum of trillions of dollars with
Troy Henikoff (he/him): millennials. Who are, gonna you know.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Inherit it.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: but.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But make it clear which side you're on.
Lilliana Robinson: See how Troy's example focused or like centered around the customers problem a lot more. So like it was one of the 1st things he said, and he made it clear that that those are the customers. And this is their problem. And then this is your solution, and that way it's not muddled, and people can tell where you play a role in that process.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, one of the tricks here is always being very clear upfront.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What is the problem? And who is the buyer who gets value out out of this, and I would be specific like, you were specific. When I asked you the question. You weren't specific in your 1st pitch. When I asked you the question. I think you said something like the marketing managers of wealth like that title is really good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So if you told my story again, and I don't think I said this, but you could say, you know, 90 trillion dollars. And we got people with great software and solutions.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And they've got a problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Each one of them has a marketing manager who doesn't know how to reach their audience.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We're the solution for that marketing manager. We know social media blah blah is how we do it. Blah blah, we solve their problem so they can get to the 90 trillion.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Nice.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Right.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, I know if I don't know if you have time to comments. I know we've got a lot of people to get through. If we can. Briefly, I'm looking at lilliana. This is super helpful, because that's the biggest which you which you rightly saw. That's the biggest challenge we've had of how do we connect and the solutions getting a little bit muddle, even though we're still figuring out that solution right as the no. So this is really helpful. We'll put it immediately into practice. And yeah, really appreciate it. Thank you so much.
Lilliana Robinson: We're going 1st guys. If it's okay, I'm gonna squeeze Dave in really quick, because he needs to drop.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You're in charge. Whatever you want.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright, Dave! Go ahead!
Dave Scott: Yeah, I apologize, guys, I've got a I got a pitch call in a few minutes, so let me go. My name is Dave. Hey, Troy? My name is Dave Scott. So when I was 9 years old I went away to sleep away camp and learned this game called dungeons and dragons. So for those of you who don't know what dungeons and dragons is. It's not only a game.
Dave Scott: but it's also a hobby. It's a lifestyle, and it's actually the way that I formed a lot of my friendships when I was a child. And, in fact, I'm not alone. There's about 150 million people across a 30 billion dollar industry that's growing at 11.8 2% that all share the same common experience with tabletop role, playing games like dungeons and dragons.
Dave Scott: 3 decades later. I still meet with and play with the same people that I became friends with when I was in high school and college. We meet every single week to play this game and to stay in touch.
Dave Scott: But then Covid happened, and all of a sudden my friends moved away. They found new jobs. We we had to social distance, and there was no way for us to meet in person like we had in the past. I started feeling lonely.
Dave Scott: And so we did what a lot of other groups did which we tried to replicate this online
Dave Scott: and believe it or not, it takes no less than 5 technologies in order to get a game up and running that even remotely resembles the game that we played physically. I remember at 1 point in time, my game master literally trying to glue his iphone on top of the chandelier so he could project the map below. It was a mess.
Dave Scott: But that's where evil genius games comes in. We create a 1 stop shop which allows you to bring your friends together to play these tabletop role playing games online with one single solution. And so far our customers have really loved our product. We have over 35,000 paying customers
Dave Scott: that have given us over 1,005 star reviews across review sites like Amazon.
Dave Scott: And so far we've made 1.7 million dollars of revenue
Dave Scott: and.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm gonna pause. You, Dave, cause that was 2. We've hit 2 min now.
Dave Scott: Already. Okay. So that was, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Double the time.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Alright. So a few things one is. I should have said this before. I didn't.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I am particularly sensitive.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't like introducing myself upfront, because, remember, I've got 15 seconds to get people's attention.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They don't give a shit what my name is
Troy Henikoff (he/him): until they know what value I'm delivering. So my style. People disagree with me on this. By the way, smart people say no, no, you have to give the name so they can relate to you. I don't. My style is to do problem solution and then say, my name is Troy, and I'm the CEO, because now they care if they care about the problem solution. You spent way too much time going into your history. And it was boring, and we didn't really care like there was no catch in the beginning. Was there a catch in the beginning?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): All of you guys come on.
Lilliana Robinson: Did you start with a hook, Dave?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): No hook.
Lilliana Robinson: It can be engaging, I think, because you threw it out. It wasn't.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So I know, I know you have to go, probably in 2, 2 and a half minutes. So I'm gonna go quickly. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I would literally start out with saying.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): role playing games, board games with pieces and old style.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): yeah, today, there's still a hundred 50 million people in the Us who play that stuff.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But the world has changed. The expectations of consumers have changed. They expect to be able to play it online.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): give a plug for jackbox games here, Chloe. But you didn't talk about that. But the expectation is to play online, just like we have meetings online. We don't have to be in person. Well, guess what
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you don't have to be in person to play dungeons and dragons, or any of the role playing games anymore.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): because evil genius games has taken those physical interactions and moved them online.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And
Troy Henikoff (he/him): they're better than they were in person.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): How can they be better? We do. And I don't know what the things you do. But I I'm guessing that you have things that you can do in an online world that you couldn't do in a physical world.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right? Whether it's chat between 2 people without other people seeing I don't know what it is. I don't. I'm not a role play game, Guy.
Lilliana Robinson: That was. And, Dave, you should watch back what Troy just said. I know you have to drop. I was just gonna add your personal story can still be in the QAI don't know if Troy you agree, but like a question.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Like, why did you start this company.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Totally
Troy Henikoff (he/him): totally. And so one of the things before you go, Dave, is that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you want to decide.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What are you putting in your pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What are you putting in the
Troy Henikoff (he/him): demo?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And what are you exposing in the Q. And a. Because you get to work with your mentor about? What's in the Q&A. And so you literally have, like a little map of here are the 10 things I want to communicate. These 2 are going to be in the pitch. These 3 will be in the live. These will be in the Q. And a. And you know that you've covered it all.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so I think it's it'll be much more natural to have your backstory in the QA. Like. It's really easy to be like Dave. How'd you do this. I basically role playing. I'm still in touch with a bunch of the people. I like lifelong relationships. It is incredible. We bonded over these
Troy Henikoff (he/him): games about, you know, climbing through caves, and whatever you did so I never played dungeons and dragons. I'm sorry, but I know a lot.
Dave Scott: There's a lot of cave climbing. So that's accurate.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Alright.
Lilliana Robinson: Well, let's.
Dave Scott: That's really helpful. All right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I hope that that was a little rushed, but I hope it's helpful.
Dave Scott: Dang sorry about this, thank you. No good
Dave Scott: you did. That was great.
Lilliana Robinson: We'll make sure he wants back the recording. That was really good feedback.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright, Choro, go ahead.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Sony's most successful community driven game. How diversity lost 65% of their community in just one.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay, I'm gonna stop you for a second. I'm gonna ask that. You talk a little more slowly
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and work on articulation. This is my fault.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We're on zoom, it's hard. But I with your accent, it's hard to understand what words you're saying. If I don't know what they are ahead of time.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So let's give you a little more time. I want you to slow down
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and work on articulating each word so that the audience will know what you're saying. All right, let's start again.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Okay.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Sony's most most successful live service game Helldivers 2 lost 65% of its community in just one month.
Çoruh | CogniScope: What can cause this Sony just pushed a small update to the games login process which led to over 300,000 negative reviews.
Çoruh | CogniScope: It took Sony 4 days to identify why players were leaving, but by then it was just too late.
Çoruh | CogniScope: My co-founders and I were aware of this issue right away. We even tried to reaching out to community managers expressing our concerns about data, privacy, and the fear of losing our games progress. But Sony just mistook this for pure anger, and our words got lost in the sea of comments.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Sony is just one example that proves the power of communities.
Çoruh | CogniScope: We have seen multiple studios shut down over similar issues just this year alone.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And that's exactly why we built cogniscope, a psychology-based AI engine to analyze community channels that you weren't able to be. Previously.
Çoruh | CogniScope: We help studios, and publishers really understand their customers and detect issues before it's too late. Hi, I'm Churu, and we help studios build games that people truly love. We extract the why from the What and generate action items based purely on data without any human bias driving high retention and engagement.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Now that around 95% of studios are working on or aiming to release community-driven games. It's absolutely critical to get into minds of their communities. Cogniscope makes make gamers feel heard empowers developers to make smarter, more efficient decisions and helps publishers de-risk their investments.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 min, 45 seconds.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): There's a little odd.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, let me. I think I understand what you're doing, and I might be using a little poetic license here, but let me try something.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and I'll my numbers are wrong. Don't worry. Well, I'm sony lost what? 250,000.
Çoruh | CogniScope: 65% of their community.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): How big was it? How? What was the numbers?
Çoruh | CogniScope: 300,000 people!
Troy Henikoff (he/him): 300,000 people. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): give me one second. I gotta think.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): All right. I'm just gonna wing it all right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Sony. One of the biggest gaming companies in the world had a bug in their login process.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They lost over 300,000 paying users in just 4 days.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and this isn't the only time these things have happened. There are many things that gaming companies do that the users
Troy Henikoff (he/him): find
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I need the right word here that that the users don't like that cause them to leave there is. There is no friction for leaving.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Do you remember when Facebook announced that it knew that if 2 people, it knew that 2 people were gonna break up before they even knew
Troy Henikoff (he/him): it could look at the inner, it could use AI to look at the interactions and sentiment analysis and understand when people were drifting apart before they even knew it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): a cognoscope, use the same kind of AI engine
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to look at
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the discord, the comments, the whatever to identify for gaming companies how their audience is feeling.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and we tell the gaming company what the problems are before their audience even knows it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We let them be proactive
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and stay ahead of the problems.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We let them fix the problems before their audience knows it. We're cogniscope. I'm Troy. We'd love to talk to you if you're interested in learning more about blah blah blah.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I didn't get the details right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But what I what I liked is
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to be able to put up this problem. Sony lost 300,000 paying customers in 4 days
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to talk about. Most people. Remember that that was Earth shattering that 1st article when it came out with Facebook. Knowing you're going to break up with your significant other before you do
Troy Henikoff (he/him): put those 2 together.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then, as someone put in the chat
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that allows us to be the proactive rather than reactive.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We're gonna save Sony, their next 300,000 paying users.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Well.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that's powerful right.
Çoruh | CogniScope: It is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): If you can do that, let's deliver it and go make a bunch of money doing it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): because we think about it. What would Sony pay to not have that screw up again.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I mean, it was over 180 million dollars in just one game.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. Now, one of the challenges you're gonna have, you do have an accent that makes it hard to understand.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm sure that the people in your cohort have gotten used to your accent, know how to and can understand you better. Now.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I want to share with you a video, a video of a demo day that we had a guy from pictoring. Do you have the pictoring video, lilliana? Or do I need to go find it.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't have it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay. So pictorine was. This was a long time ago, and it was a guy from France who was great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Guillaume
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and Guillaume had a very thick French accent, and so we did 2 things with him
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to make his Demo day presentation better, and you'll all get a kick out of watching. This, I think the 1st thing we did was we had to select, or some
Troy Henikoff (he/him): parts of speech he had trouble. Th was very hard for him. So we had to find synonyms to words, so that he didn't have to say a word that had a th in it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then, second thing we did was we really played up
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the hold on, here it is. We really played up. This should work. If I make a link copy dropbox link.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Alright. I'm gonna put it in the chat here. We had him play up his accent.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and it was one of the most fun Demo day pitches ever because he was talking. And he was actually in a sort of similar face space. He was doing stuff with Facebook and pictures. And and he talked about Mark. You know he talked about Mark Zuckerberg. He said Mark would not do it this way, and Mark would, and it was, and literally coming out of Demo Day you heard people imitating Guillaume.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But remember, that made him memorable. Right? That's 1 of the things you all want to be different.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): so that people can remember you and Re. Anyway, I think you can play up your accent, have fun with it. Go ahead and watch the pictorine video and see if you can be creative about how you leverage your accent to be an asset
Troy Henikoff (he/him): rather than a liability.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Cool? All right.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I see that. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: That's fine!
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Who's next?
Lilliana Robinson: Fabio is next, and then, and then Morgan.
Fabio Caironi: Alright. Cool. Can't wait to get my picture upset. I I love how you reshaped the other one's pictures, so let's get it done?
Fabio Caironi: the top priority for nearly every startup running machine learning and data processing activities is shipping your products quickly to beat the competition.
Fabio Caironi: But 80% of them are slowed down by poor cloud infrastructure implementations because they are merely chasing cloud credits or picking the cheapest serverless solution in the market.
Fabio Caironi: and when push comes to shove they will need to hire a devops team in a rush.
Fabio Caironi: and by the time they reach a stable solution they will have spent more time, energy, and money in the process.
Fabio Caironi: At bucknight we help startups, deploy computing workloads at height, speed with minimal configuration
Fabio Caironi: by offering a serverless, distributed computing platform powered by simple and intuitive sdks and Apis.
Fabio Caironi: We bring cold, start times to 0 and enable timeout configuration, so you can experience the agility of serverless and the power of containerization together.
Fabio Caironi: Our 5 year goal is to become the number one serverless cloud Provider by building a network of suppliers that allows us to dynamically tap into idle processing power globally.
Fabio Caironi: My name is Fabio, and I'm the Funder of Byte night. We're currently running pilots and planning to fully launch by the end of the year and raise our seat in Q. 1, 2025. Come, talk to me later.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 min, 18 seconds.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): let me try something.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't know if this is gonna work. But I have an idea.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): something like
Troy Henikoff (he/him): in the last 24 months we have seen a shift in technology that is bigger than any we have ever seen before.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The advent of artificial intelligence.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, the Internet was big. And
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the year 1990, you know, 97 to 2,000. This is bigger. It's gonna change the way every application interacts with the humans.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And
Troy Henikoff (he/him): there is a race to get there.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Almost every startup here is doing some sort of AI, and they're all recreating the wheel.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We don't want that to have to happen.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So let me tell you about what we do
Troy Henikoff (he/him): we provide. And now I'm gonna screw up your technology because I didn't understand it all, but we provide a serverless access through Api, so that each company that wants to access Api doesn't have to go through the pain and and anguish of trying to set all of this stuff up
Troy Henikoff (he/him): accessing us, accessing AI through us, using some simple Apis allows them to get from 0
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to functional in less than 24 h.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We are the tool that everybody should be using to spin up their AI.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We will make it faster, easier, and with our centralized R&D, as new features come up, and blah blah, we'll be able to deliver them to them without their having to recreate the wheel. We are taking it. We are allowing startups to take advantage of the Revolution.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We are selling the picks and axes to the gold miners. Whatever you could do something like that if you wanted to.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): How does that feel.
Fabio Caironi: That's powerful. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, I would start with talking.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I do believe
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that the AI revolution is going to be bigger
Troy Henikoff (he/him): than the difference between pre Internet at and post Internet.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And it's gonna happen faster. Each generation of technology gets deployed faster and faster.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so there is this race to who can get there fastest.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We're gonna prevent them from having to all reinvent the wheel. We're building the infrastructure.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Now
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I want to be clear. My knowledge of the 3 tiered AI, and all that stuff is poor. And so I may be saying things that aren't true.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But conceptually, if if that rings true to you, and you can tell that story
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that'd be awesome.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, it does ring true. And I'll tell you why. Because there's actually a revolution that there's actually like a skyrocketing demand for computing power. And well, whether it's like whether we we mentioned AI or even other applications, I think. Starting off with
Fabio Caironi: the demand, is, skyrocketing. People are on a race.
Fabio Caironi: That's the real hook.
Fabio Caironi: yeah, that's that's very powerful.
Fabio Caironi: yeah, thanks for bringing it up.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And there's a technique here.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): If you get
Troy Henikoff (he/him): your audience
Troy Henikoff (he/him): again. One technique is to get them to, you know, have a
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know, big market, whatever. But then, once you've hooked them, if you get them to nod along with you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know, it's sort of like, you know, I'm gonna say something that's really true. Oh, you believe that I'm gonna say something else. That's really true. I'm gonna believe that I'm say something else, really true. Believe that you should invest in my company. Oh, yeah, I'm nodding still, right? Like it's yes, yes, it's a it's a technique salespeople use all the time, you know, get, give them a bunch of things that they absolutely, positively agree with, and say, Yes, yes, yes. Will you invest? Yeah.
Fabio Caironi: Like, it's just.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Then that you're just so used to saying yes, and so I think that you can tell a story like that. That is, they shouldn't reinvent the wheel. They shouldn't have to do all this technology shouldn't have. We are that provider we are gonna change the world. And they're like, Yeah, of course you are.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I love it.
Fabio Caironi: That's cool. Thank you so much.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. Fabio. Make sure you watch this back because you can write down the sample pitch for all of you. The sample pitch Troy gave you. You can just write it down.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then you can correct all the things I said that were wrong. But yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So we have about 15 min left, and we have, like 6 or 7 to go through. So we'll do like 1 min feedback per. We'll see if we can.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I can go a little longer, if need be.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, that's awesome, Troy. Thank you. Okay, Morgan, go ahead.
Morgan Stanton: Be quick.
Morgan Stanton: Women for a long time have known their health has not been a priority, and this has not been a secret secret. That's not a secret, but only recently. Biotech and pharma are rapidly noticing. They don't have the resources to quantify or analyze women's health. 180 billion dollars. Market opal therapeutics offers a new solution with a uterus and a dish platform, basically focusing on female R&D and therapeutic development for female reproductive health.
Morgan Stanton: We have a biobank of reproductive cells, uterine organoids. These are miniature versions of our patient's uterus as well as AI diagnostics. I'm CEO of opal therapeutics. Morgan Stanton, and I'm here to close the gap in women's health.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Alright, so I don't understand who your custom, so it sounds cool.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't understand who your customer is, and let me be specific.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): At 1 point I thought what you were doing was building a
Troy Henikoff (he/him): synthetic uterus so that we could test various drugs on it and various therapies and whatever, and learn a bunch from it, and that your customer was the big pharmaceutical companies.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then at 1 point, when you said, Oh, we do something with cells. You said something about org cell bank. What did you say.
Morgan Stanton: We have a Biobank.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Biobank of cells I'm like, Oh, no! Each individual woman scrapes themselves and puts it in there, and we test how they respond to various therapies.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and so I don't know which one of those, or maybe it's a 3rd one, is true. But it was on the point, is, it was unclear to me.
Morgan Stanton: Okay, yeah. So I'm going after biotech and pharma, or like B, 2 B, not direct to consumer.
Morgan Stanton: But.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Is your product, something that is like generic uterus.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): go, develop some stuff to help women be healthier, or is your product? Here's a tool that you guys can develop so that you can test individuals on how they will react to various things.
Morgan Stanton: The second, the the tools. We have many patient donors in our sample in our Biobank.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So if you are successful
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and my wife had some issues, she might go into her obyn. They'd scrape something. They'd put it in there, and they'd test some chemicals, and they'd be like, oh, here's the best treatment for you.
Morgan Stanton: No, that's not exactly what I'm saying. I, technically you could do that.
Lilliana Robinson: Model, right.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Building a model to help those women. So it's not actually their cells. Is that correct?
Morgan Stanton: Yeah, it's not that personalized. I'm just saying we have a large collection of resources. They could go out. They could use.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So would they like? Look at her cells and say, Oh, you're a 47 Qrz. And then they'd look up the model for 47 Qrz. And what worked on that.
Morgan Stanton: I think so. I think I have my understanding correctly.
Morgan Stanton: It wouldn't be like a we wouldn't be taking individual. I'm collecting the Biobank now. But like, I'm basically selling it to them as like a platform to do their testing on.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But how will you know what Kristen needs?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So I guess what I'm I'm thinking of this. So do you know how Tempest works?
Morgan Stanton: No.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So Tempest is a Chicago company. It just went public, and what Tempest was doing was for people who had cancer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They would take a sample of the tumor and a sample of your own DNA,
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and they would put that into a
Troy Henikoff (he/him): a big database, and they had such a big database of how various treatments had worked that they could say, machine learning would say, this combination the most effective solution is, and they'd give you a customized prescription. And so what they're trying to do is customize how you treat cancer based on what cancer it is and what DNA you have. And they literally just went public like last month or 2 months ago, and they have.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know, tens of millions of
Troy Henikoff (he/him): samples on both sides in this big machine learning. Are you doing some sort of a
Troy Henikoff (he/him): not to that level, but some sort of.
Morgan Stanton: I'm collecting patient samples, but it's just to keep improving our platform. It's not as personalized as what you're describing. I understand what you're saying, but that's not. We're just collecting the the bio bake to make general assessments like, I can test 20 patients with your drug. X kind of thing. Not. I can test a specific patient with drug X.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So is it something like this
Troy Henikoff (he/him): in the world of
Troy Henikoff (he/him): of drug testing? It's always hard to test on live humans.
Morgan Stanton: Yes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We do animal tests we test on mice, we test on primates. But when it comes to live humans and knowing how things actually work. It's always been challenging. It's particularly challenging in ob-gyn.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Women don't like to have their. You know, their private parts used as testing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We have developed a synthetic.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't know how you describe it. We even a a synthetic uterus
Troy Henikoff (he/him): with real cells from real patients.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): so that the big pharma companies can use our product
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to test across a variety of people with a variety of genetic backgrounds and bring their drugs to market faster.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The result is that they have less time in R&D. Less expense, and women have better access to healthcare. We're helping women be healthier.
Morgan Stanton: Yes, yeah, that's great. That that sums it up. Very well.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Is that directionally correct.
Morgan Stanton: Yes, yeah, that I that's also I I haven't like, I'm longer pitch that like we have. We're we're not a rat model that we're, you know, we're more translatable to like the clinic. So yes, that makes complete sense.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, I feel like this one's gonna be hard to to articulate. Well, but I think if you do, it'll be it'll you'll get that chart.
Morgan Stanton: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, I I will be very interested to see you in a couple of weeks after you've had time to iterate on this, and
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I want to give you again the feedback that it was unclear to me who your customer was, and so when I did it, I said, so we give Big Pharma the ability to like. It was pretty clear that Big Pharma was your customer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): work on it. We'll talk in 2 weeks.
Morgan Stanton: Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. Morgan
Lilliana Robinson: alright, who was next
Lilliana Robinson: tutor. Me? All right, Nick.
Nicholas Li: What if I told you that you can be accepted to your dream university and still not allowed to attend? Well, for international baccalaureate students worldwide who want to go to university anywhere other than North America. This is the case growing up in Hong Kong. I wanted to go to study in Uk. And all I could think about for 2 years in my high school was the Ib program.
Nicholas Li: Like my classmates, I struggled to refine my essay writing skills to learn and relearn 6 unique subjects and study for a series of final exams of over 3 weeks which I had to pass for my Conditional Imperial College, London offer. We even spent countless hours with expensive tutors outside school, but we still felt anxious and unprepared.
Nicholas Li: My name's Nicholas Lee, and that's why, I found a tutor. Me. We're a Saas platform specifically designed for Ib students like me to provide immediate feedback for times. They're studying alone. At 11 Pm. Overwhelmed with their workload, yet unsure where to begin.
Nicholas Li: we're bridging a gap between in-person tutoring and generic online resources. Students no longer have to scour the Internet for pirated practice exams or peer review each other's papers. Instead, they use Tutorme.
Nicholas Li: We're hyper focused on helping students regain their confidence and direction, not just for Ib. Before any standardized curriculum in the future.
Lilliana Robinson: That was 1 0, 6.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So I think I get it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think there is an opportunity to make this tighter.
Nicholas Li: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What if we go ahead.
Nicholas Li: Yeah, that's what Kevin and us, we're working on like, how do we cut this down? Because I have to speak really quickly to keep keep this in 60 seconds.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, no, we have to cut out like a 3rd of your words. It's hard. It's really hard. There's a famous quote, Samuel Clemens said. You know I would have written you a shorter letter, only I didn't have the time
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right. It's hard to cut words out.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): what would I say here.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): maybe something like this. It's shocking to people from the Us. To hear
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that there are students who get accepted to college yet are not allowed to attend.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's not just college acceptance that gets you in. But you actually have to score.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I assume I'm doing this right. You actually have to score high enough on the International Baccalaureate Exam in order to get in.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I was one of those students.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But I need it. So okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): so that's the opening is that it's and this will be shocking to people. It's shocking to me. I didn't know before this, so if I get accepted to a college, but then I have to take a series of exams to it to validate my.
Nicholas Li: Meet your conditional offer. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): To meet my conditional offer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And these students don't have the resources
Troy Henikoff (he/him): for private tutoring, which is very time consuming and expensive.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Today they scour the Internet. They look for sample exams. But it's just not sufficient enough.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We've developed a set of AI tools that guide people through the process
Troy Henikoff (he/him): of going from where they are today.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): To passing the Ib exams.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Our AI agent understands where their knowledge is is sufficient and where it's insufficient. We guide them through the process. We give them sample, quizzes, blah blah, and at a fraction of the cost
Troy Henikoff (he/him): of
Troy Henikoff (he/him): of an in-person tutor we get.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't know what claims you can make. But I'm assuming you actually are going to claim that you get better results. We have a higher percentage of our students get, accept.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): meet the threshold than if they were dealing with a human tutor.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We are tomorrow's solution for today's problem
Troy Henikoff (he/him): acceptance into
Troy Henikoff (he/him): college universities. I I bumbled my words. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him): yeah, I think.
Lilliana Robinson: They need more emotion, Troy, that's something I've thought about for this this one for a long time, like really playing on the dream being crushed, and things like that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, so you could weave your personal story in there. So when you say when you give the thing that it's shocking for us people to under to realize that there there are students who get accepted to the college of their dreams
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and may not be able to attend.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You see, there's a second hurdle. They need to meet the qualifying exam.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I know, because I was one of those students. I studied 48, you know, whatever. I studied 80 HA week for 4 weeks with it, just to ensure that I got in.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but not everybody was as disciplined as I am.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I created
Troy Henikoff (he/him): whatever you're calling it, toot or something.
Nicholas Li: Computer, mean, yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I created. Tutor me an AI power tool that will guide you through the process. It is less expensive than the human tutors and more effective.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's able to analyze in real time where you're sufficient, where you're deficient. Give you practice exams, get you to boom, boom, boom, and push you to the point where it's always there answering and getting you to the point where you have the skills you need to pass that exam.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Our students pass the exam more at a higher rate than even ones with expensive
Troy Henikoff (he/him): professional tutors.
Lilliana Robinson: That's a good point.
Lilliana Robinson: So I think you guys need to think about that and try and like
Lilliana Robinson: revamp it with with Kevin.
Lilliana Robinson: But that was really helpful. Troy. Okay, so we're gonna hit time with this next one. We have 4 left Troy.
Lilliana Robinson: If you guys need to drop at 1230. That's okay. Choice is going to be generous and stay on as long as you can feel free to drop tutor. Me, you guys are up 1st for the financial model office hours with Verona. So make sure you leave right at 1230 and make your slot with her.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool, Annie, go ahead.
Annie Brown: All right.
Annie Brown: all right. After rolling out new content discovery Algorithm Tumblr experienced a 40% drop in website visits and their valuation plunged from 1 billion to a 3 million dollars sale to wordpress all due to data annotation that missed the mark on community values reliable is making algorithms more accurate with user-driven data annotation software for socially complex tasks like content recommendation in consumer tech.
Annie Brown: Our 1st customers, a skincare brand for melanin, rich skin and the Reddit, for women are just the beginning. Hi! I'm Annie, the CEO of Reliable and an AI researcher at Uc San Diego, and with my CTO. Duncan, a Stanford Postdoc. We're building infrastructure that makes AI accurate, reliable, and rooted in real user values.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): All right. So what happened there with your for opening story?
Annie Brown: Yeah. So the opening story is basically that Tumblr launched a content discovery algorithm. They just put out a new algorithm on their platform. And then it was so bad and miscategorizing data so much that
Annie Brown: 40% of the users left the website and the whole company plummeted because.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So it was trying to, so if I was on Tumblr, it would try to recommend the next article or the next post for me to see.
Annie Brown: It would recommend post, and then it would also remove content. So users were getting their posts removed, banned. So it was content. Discovery and content. Moderation.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): All right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So, and you think you do this better than most.
Annie Brown: Yes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Alright. So what if we did something like, I'm totally changing it. But what if we did something like
Troy Henikoff (he/him): recommendation engines are key to many technology companies growth. We all have been recommended
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the next movie to watch on Netflix.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You may not realize it, but Youtube does an amazing job of getting you down those rabbit holes of of information by recommending the next video, the next video, the next video. It's addictive.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But only when it's done right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Tumbler did it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Their recommendation engine wasn't quite as good. As a matter of fact, 40% of their users quit within a matter of weeks because it was recommending the wrong content to them. They went from a 1 billion dollar valuation to a 3 million dollar sale
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to wordpress
Troy Henikoff (he/him): in a matter of months.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We are AI specialists
Troy Henikoff (he/him): recommend. I don't know a postdoc. Stanford blah blah! We understand this space better than anybody else.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We're not going to replace Netflix or Youtube's engines.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But for everybody else who's trying to leverage social media posts, recommendation engines, we have the solution for them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Boom, boom, boom, boom.
Annie Brown: I. I have a question about that, because so
Annie Brown: this is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I made up a bunch of stuff.
Annie Brown: There you go
Annie Brown: well. And and the the content recommendation stuff is like, basically our go to market strategy. So our AI and data annotation can help with all sorts of kinds of AI stuff. But we're just kind of keying in on this content recommendation to start. Would you suggest that we kind of still focus in on that, on our, on our demo.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So one of the most successful
Troy Henikoff (he/him): one of the probably the second most successful company that went through my tech stars. Was a company called Logicgate, and they came. There's a big lesson in here for everybody. They came into our program with a cool tool. They basically said, we can take a flow chart. They were ex consultants. We could take a flow chart, you could draw it any way you want, and then you hit a button, and it creates a web app of of that where each
Troy Henikoff (he/him): each rectangle becomes a web page, each diamond becomes a decision. Blah blah like a flow chart right? And so if you can draw a flow chart in visio, you can create a web app.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It can be used for anything.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And the thing that we did with them is, we said, pick one market pick one problem that you can solve.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and the market that they chose was risk and compliance for fortune. 500 companies, because that's what they had done some stuff with in their
Troy Henikoff (he/him): their consulting life. And I'm like risk and compliance, fortune. I don't even know what the hell that is. And they're like. Oh, you know, when there's a breach of a firewall. 10 people have to get notified, and if the breach is bigger than this, it's got to go to the Vice President, and if it's and and they have to sign off. And they're doing it with spreadsheets and email now. And we're going to make it a web app with a database. It's gonna be awesome like all right, if you know that. And by the time the program was over they had 3 proof of concepts signed
Troy Henikoff (he/him): today
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the company is doing amazingly well, I don't know what the revenue is. It's many, many tens of millions. It might be a hundred 1 million in revenue.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They they've raised significant money tens of millions. They're doing amazingly well. They've like 300 400 employees, and they still haven't branched out from risk and compliance because that market is so big. What sounds like a tiny little market is huge.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And I think if they had gone to market saying, Hey, we've got this tool that can do anything for anyone.
Annie Brown: Right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Nobody would have known what to do with it, and they never would have sold a single one.
Annie Brown: Okay, well, that's that's exciting. And I think.
Annie Brown: Oh, go ahead.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. But taking your technology, applying it to a very well defined problem solution that people can get their head around makes it easier for you to sell to those customers. Once you start to sell to some of them, other ones will hear in that market, and they'll know makes it easier for investors to understand makes it easier for you to focus. I strongly, strongly, strongly believe you should pick one. I have no opinion about which one you should pick.
Annie Brown: Yeah. Yeah. No.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): One, and go.
Annie Brown: The jobs to be done helped us figure out like content. Moderation is the one so yeah, that's I think that focus in the in the pitch makes sense.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You're actually doing content, moderation.
Annie Brown: Or sorry content, recommendation.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay, that's different. Yeah. Cause when you said moderation, I'm now I'm thinking about something totally different. I'm thinking about Wikipedia. And I'm thinking about like right.
Annie Brown: Yep, yep, content recommendation as as the focus. And I think we're learning that maybe someday we can get into like the Netflix and the linkedins and stuff. But for now, just focusing on those smaller business like we you were said, we can now like this can be applied to everyone else. That's not the Youtube or the Netflix. So that's great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And there have been, I mean, I've read a bunch of articles about how Youtube like literally has to. They were so good at it. They were getting people into these crazy rabbit holes that like they're
Troy Henikoff (he/him): there. There are people wanting them to back off and not be so good, because
Troy Henikoff (he/him): if you like. Type, the word conspiracy theory, you end up, you know, getting
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right.
Annie Brown: Oh, yeah, I've been in those rabbit holes myself. So I I get it. But yeah, no, it's it's a super fascinating topic. And I think.
Annie Brown: bringing in things that people can learn about the topic into the pitch as well. So I'll let the next person go. But this was super interesting. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks, Jenny. Alright! I believe, Monica, you're next.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): They try.
Lilliana Robinson: 3 more tribes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): All right.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, did you know, it takes 10 years and 1 billion dollars to bring a new drug to patients.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Clinical trials are the longest and most expensive part of this process. And they're just getting worse.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Research shows a rapid increase in trial. Complexity
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): trials are increasingly targeting rare diseases and very specific patient populations.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): however, managing trials, remains as inefficient as ever.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I'm Monica Roy, the founder of seascape clinical. I also worked in Pharma for 20 years. So know the problem intimately.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Successful trial management requires both transparency and efficiency.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): However, tools like spreadsheets and legacy systems only provide the former leaving pharma teams mired in busy work.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Seascape's platform provides transparency while automating away this busy work.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): This results in immediate cost and time savings for pharma companies and the potential for faster trials and delivery of drugs to patients.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Global trial spend was 80 billion dollars last year and is increasing. If you'd like to help make this spend more impactful. We invite you to invest in us.
Lilliana Robinson: 59 seconds.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Right on.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So what's the real
Troy Henikoff (he/him): job to be done here? So let me let before I
Troy Henikoff (he/him): before you answer, let me frame it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Generally companies
Troy Henikoff (he/him): buy things for one of 3 reasons. It's going to increase their revenue.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's gonna reduce their expense.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's going to save them time.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Those are the big 3 buckets. I don't think this increases revenue.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): This may save some expense.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but in the if I'm running a drug trial, and it cost me a billion dollars. What's the biggest?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What portion of that 1 billion dollars are you going to save.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Personnel.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But how much are you gonna save
Troy Henikoff (he/him): 2 salaries, 200 salaries?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): How much is that of the 1 billion dollars I'm going to spend? How much you gonna save me in hard dollars.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, I mean, it depends on how many trials they have. Right? So the savings.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): One drug. We're doing one drug. We're.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I would say 2 salaries.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay. So you're gonna save. And let's say they're big salaries or quarter 1 million dollars. You're gonna save me half a million dollars out of a billion dollars or
Troy Henikoff (he/him): 1 20th of 1% of the total cost.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): It would be like 2 salaries per trial, right? So if they have, like
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): a hundred trials, right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But isn't each trial a billion dollars.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): No, no, no! A 1 billion dollars was the time it takes to bring one drug to market. But that goes beyond clinical trials. It starts with like preclinical discovery research, then preclinical research and then clinical research. Right?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So then, the clinical research component is the clinical trials. And that's where we come in.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So of the 1 billion dollars, how many dollars do you save them? Do you think.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I would say, like one clinical trial phase phase 2 would be 10 million dollars or phase. One would be $1010,000,000.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So you're gonna save them 10 million dollars.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): No, that's the total cost of the trial.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So you're gonna save them 500,000 on 10 million.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I mean, it's
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Where I'm going is like, okay, so even at that, that's about a 5% savings, which is 5% is meaningful.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But to a drug company, so
Troy Henikoff (he/him): do you help them get the trial done more quickly.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yes, and make sure that they're getting. You know. They're getting to the right place right? As opposed to going off. Course.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So how much more quickly will they get it done? If a regular trial, whole trial process takes 10 years. If they use your software. How long will it take.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): It's not about getting quickly. It's more about making sure there's no delays, so it can save like 6 months to maybe
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): up to a year and delay for a 3 year trial, because if if something goes off the rails like they, you know, to bring it back takes many months.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What I'm okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What I'm trying to get to is the real reason that people are gonna actually buy.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, do you have.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Do you have people using this today?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yep.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And why are they? Why do you think they're paying you money for this.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): It's
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): well
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): they're paying us money because they're able to manage their trial more efficiently, and they, like all of their stuff, is in one place, as opposed to having to go to various systems.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So if we were, if we had time, I would do the whole jobs to be done, interview and start asking, Well, why does that matter right? We gotta get to. And and then why does that matter? Why does that matter? We gotta get to the core and the core might be like, you know, they want to cover their ass. The core might be that they can get to a yes, no decision more quickly. The core like. I don't know what it is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but I want to surface that, and I want to use that in the pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So let's assume.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I'll tell you. I'll tell you this much, so our customer is a weird outlier, and I would not use them. But what we discovered in our jobs to be done in in my other experiences, that when people want to scale their trial portfolio like a small medium company, that's when they get a solution like ours, right? They're unable to like. Just go look across like 50 spreadsheets to understand where things stand. They need to get like a solution like ours to look across the entire portfolio.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And are there? There are other people who have solutions like yours.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, it's a very saturated market, but none of them do anything very well.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So what? How are you different from the ones that are in the market? How are you better.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah. So instead of transparency, like, here's your dashboard. We're also automating away a lot of like the manual and repetitive tasks.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Alright. So let me try something. Then.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Everybody knows that clinical trials are expensive and time consuming the average
Troy Henikoff (he/him): time it takes to take a drug to market is 10 years, and it costs over a billion dollars.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): 1 billion dollars for a single drug.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Now, imagine you're a company that's pro. That's that's taking drugs to market. Sure, you can manage this with spreadsheets and emails and Google Docs. And if you're doing one or you're doing 2, that's sufficient.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But when you have a portfolio of drugs that you're trying to take to market and keep everybody on track, time is of the essence. You need a software solution.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And yes, there are some software solutions out there. They are woefully inadequate. They do. XYZ. Really poorly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I know my name's Monica, and I used to run these clinical trials in my prior life when I worked at wherever Abbott. Whatever. I don't remember what your I don't know what your background was right. And so I've created seascape clinical. To solve this problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): our software is more accurate, faster, timely, whatever your benefits are. Boom, boom! Boom! So that we know that the right drugs get to market at the, you know, at the right time, without delays without there's
Troy Henikoff (he/him): does that flow feel right to you?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, yeah, that's accurate.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I just think you need to be more explicit for the person who doesn't understand your industry.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): if you're gonna expect that you have a shot at getting
Troy Henikoff (he/him): capital from
Troy Henikoff (he/him): generic venture. Capital. Now, maybe you're only going to get capital from people who are on the inside and already understand all that stuff, in which case you can use all the technical speak you want, because they'll understand it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I tend to like to start with a pitch. That's so simple. My grandmother would understand it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and I try to spell things out. So it's a stylistic thing.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay. Alright. Thanks.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I feel like, I don't have a great yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So we'll we'll work with you to decide on a goal. Just like I said when I introduced Demo to you guys like
Lilliana Robinson: how you win, Demo Day is you make the most steps towards your personal goal. It's not the same for everyone, so whatever it is, will help you just start thinking about that, Monica. Okay, health blocks.
Nirat Attri: Firstly, thank you for staying on so long. I know it must be tiring for you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Oh, it's fun! I love this stuff! It is fun!
Lilliana Robinson: Too much.
Nirat Attri: Got it.
Nirat Attri: I'll hop in so growing up in a family with 17 doctors, I was always perplexed by the fact that we entrust our lives to these noble, skilled professionals. But we've made everything around the delivery of care so complex
Nirat Attri: the sheer amount of paperwork that needs to exchange hands and makes it make its way across disconnected systems, is frustrating, not just for them, but for the patient, too.
Nirat Attri: is the 21st century. There has to be a better way.
Nirat Attri: When my last company got acquired by resmed in 2021 things suddenly fell into place.
Nirat Attri: The reason why the healthcare ecosystem is so slow and expensive is because it has grown accustomed to churning out new solutions without thinking how it'll fit into the ecosystem.
Nirat Attri: As a result, we have a combination of existing and new technologies held together by people doing the job of making these systems talk to each other.
Nirat Attri: Healthcare needs a new infrastructure. Backbone, one that fixes the way existing systems work instead of adding yet another layer of complexity.
Nirat Attri: My name is neerat Atri, and I'm the founder and CEO of healthblocks, a Saas platform specifically designed to enhance the capabilities of existing healthcare software by reliably embedding technology into existing ways of operating a practice
Nirat Attri: instead of reinventing the wheel. Our modules, sdks, Apis, and libraries are designed to build composable solutions that are either brand new or enhance existing solutions already in the market.
Nirat Attri: In a 4 trillion dollar industry where technology feels like moving mountains, we aim to allow all our users to build advanced healthcare solutions with Lego like ease.
Nirat Attri: My parents worked hard enough to learn how to be doctors. Their journey into technology should not be as difficult. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: That was 1 36. So you need to cut about
Lilliana Robinson: like 30% of that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So question for you is this targeting things like individual physicians offices? Or are you working with?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You know, Cerner, Hbo, epic of the world.
Nirat Attri: To
Nirat Attri: practices that use Cerner epic and all these ehrs in the world.
Nirat Attri: So smaller scale than them epic tends to work with like large hospital systems. We're going after mid to small size practices.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And
Troy Henikoff (he/him): are you familiar with Hl. 7.
Nirat Attri: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Is this like a better version of Hl. 7.
Nirat Attri: Yes. So Hl. 7 already has a progressively better open standard. So we're built on top of it.
Nirat Attri: So that standard is prescriptive. But nobody follows it. We are standardizing that like making it more accessible.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And.
Nirat Attri: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): what makes so
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Hl, seven's been around forever. And when I say forever.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I started running a a software company that was selling to hospitals in 1992, and they were talking about Hl. 7,
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right? So 32 years ago, they were talking about the standard. Hl. 7, which is still one whatever.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and Hl. 7 was hard because you had to write to interfaces, and it was difficult. What makes yours different than that.
Nirat Attri: So what we have done is produced it to like a standard jsonized format. That's the 1st step.
Nirat Attri: The other is that we have simplified the Api to be more consumable to regular devs that don't understand the industry spec.
Nirat Attri: And then we have made it actionable within the platform. So instead of somebody having to work with the Apis. You could just use the
Nirat Attri: modules within the platform itself.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Alright, I I'm not going to get all this right without asking a lot more questions. But directionally, what if we did something like this
Troy Henikoff (he/him): healthcare is a
Troy Henikoff (he/him): 8 trillion dollar market worldwide. And 30% of that cost is just software systems and exchanging data.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The reason it's so expensive is that there are point solutions that do things well, and they have to communicate with each other. The standard that they use. Hl. 7 was introduced in 1989. I'm making this up. But I'm directionally correct in 1989 and is still the standard today.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But
Troy Henikoff (he/him): today everything is web-based.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The Internet didn't exist when Hl. 7 was standardized.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We
Troy Henikoff (he/him): have put a modern web like interface to connecting your your various software packages in healthcare, just like connecting Lego blocks. We then do the hard work of translating that into Hl. 7, and into the other systems
Troy Henikoff (he/him): we are the missing piece that will reduce healthcare cost will reduce it. Spend, and we'll let the various
Troy Henikoff (he/him): healthcare it systems speak to each other
Troy Henikoff (he/him): simply and effortlessly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Is that what you're doing.
Nirat Attri: Probably, yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Alright cause. I think that's a lot clearer. So giving that tiny bit of history
Troy Henikoff (he/him): about this antiquated solution that's literally been out there and go look it up. I don't know when it was. I know it was in place in 92, because that's when I 1st heard about it. So you know, this. This thing is probably 35 years old.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's older, you know. It didn't like Internet didn't exist. HTML didn't exist like, think about all the things that we use today and take for Grant they didn't exist.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We are the bridge
Troy Henikoff (he/him): letting today's systems talk to yesterday's systems to make healthcare cheaper, more efficient and easier to build.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): All my numbers were wrong. Go look them up, but I bet they're they weren't that far off.
Nirat Attri: Yeah, I mean, I think that I mean just contextual. Don't want to take a lot of your time. But I think a new standard has been in the work. It's not mature.
Nirat Attri: but the
Nirat Attri: the hospital systems are deliberately not adopting it correctly, because it's an open standard. So they're making it deliberately difficult
Nirat Attri: to talk. So what we are trying to do is make that easier. So the new standard came out like 10 years ago.
Nirat Attri: But it's still.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You can say, if people know the industry like, isn't there a new standard? You say, Yeah, we write to that new standard. And you know, when the next new standard comes out in 4 more years, you don't have to change your interface. If you're using us, because we will just change how we talk to that standard.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Right? That's part of the value of having an Api and a state like right? Because you can go you. You can direct your data and your standard to anything on the back end. So we make development easier for the for the people who are building new stuff. They write to us we can write to any of the standards, and as the standards change we'll change. You don't have to rewrite your stuff.
Nirat Attri: Thank you so much. This is so valuable.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Sure.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. Okay?
Lilliana Robinson: And I was, I put something in the chat. The 1st question Troy asked. You should probably be something that you clarify in the Q. And a. This is, or make it clear in your pitch. But either way it should go in your FAQ. Like, who exactly are you selling to?
Lilliana Robinson: Because if that was his 1st question, that means it'll be other people's 1st question. Okay, George, you're the last one. Whenever you're ready.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay, thanks. Excellent thanks, Troy, for taking the time. Appreciate it.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay. So yeah, I'm George, the founder of Noetic. And for consumer insight managers who need fast and accurate research. Noetic is enabling an ongoing conversation with their market, turning insight into action and empowering more informed decision making.
George Reed - Noetic: So you can think of it as a connecting bridge, enabling collaboration between your company and market, or, in other words, a
George Reed - Noetic: water cooler chat with your consumers. And have you ever asked a colleague for feedback before betting on a new idea, or when starting a new project? Well, when a slow and expensive survey project won't do. Don't ask AI. Talk to your people with no headache.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So you used a lot of generic terms.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and I don't know who your target market is.
George Reed - Noetic: Oh, consumer insight managers! It was the first.st
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Consume so consumer insight managers? At what kinds of companies.
George Reed - Noetic: Oh, yeah, so there are 5 to 8,000 of them in the Us. They all kind of know each other. They're all within, embedded within larger organizations, typically consumer facing so like
George Reed - Noetic: fast moving consumer goods retail that kind of stuff.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So so this is where I think you have an opportunity for a story. And I again, I want to be clear. I don't really understand what you do. I understood some of those words.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But I don't know. I'm gonna make stuff up, and then you'll correct me.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Let me think of an example.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Gatorade is one of the biggest consumer brands in the world.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): There's a person in there that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): consumer insight manager whose job it is to know what the consumers actually want. Is it gatorade 0? Is it gatorade clear? Is it ice? But, like, you know, go a whole bunch of things, you know. Some of those are are wild successes, and some of them are flops. You've never heard of them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's a hard job.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We make it easier.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Let me tell you how we do this
Troy Henikoff (he/him): we take.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and then talk about what you actually do like. If you make an example out of a brand like that. And I would use a household brand that people know
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like Gatorade, whatever.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And you know it would be really fun if you named like Gatorade, 0 and Gatorade, whatever that people know. And then you named some that people had never heard of because they told did totally flop.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): There's a reason you haven't heard those.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That's because they were losers yet. Gatorade spent
Troy Henikoff (he/him): 30 million dollars launching gatorade flop.
George Reed - Noetic: You got it? Basically, yeah, yeah.
George Reed - Noetic: it's market research surveys quality. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And not only did Gatorade lose 30 million dollars.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but the consumer insight manager lost their job.
George Reed - Noetic: Hmm.
George Reed - Noetic: I like it. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We
Troy Henikoff (he/him): are a tool that helps them get actual insights from actual consumers before the product is made. Before the 30 million dollars is built. Let me tell you how we do it. Boom! Boom, boom! Boom! We are the tool.
George Reed - Noetic: It straight off. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. But but you need some storytelling. You need some details, because.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know, and I I'm not a big company guy. And I had an idea of what you're doing, but it was really hard to follow, because you used a lot of
Troy Henikoff (he/him): a lot of
Troy Henikoff (he/him): language that was vague.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah. Pablum fuzzy words. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
George Reed - Noetic: My thing with Kevin. So.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Really specific and tell a story.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): With it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and use something, and there's probably a famous one, you know. Probably the most famous one is New Coke.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, I was just thinking that when you were saying like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, that's a way better example.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So you know. And you can make a joke for those of you who are a little older in the audience. You remember when Coca-cola had a great consumer insight, and they dropped their historically successful product and they came out with New Coke.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It was a complete failure. It cost them billions of dollars so bad that they dropped new coke and reintroduced the old one.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Imagine, if they knew enough about their consumers that they could have avoided that mistake.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Well, if they had no attic they would have.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We would have saved them
Troy Henikoff (he/him): 20 billion dollars.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Let me tell you how we work.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And your investors are generally a little bit older audience, and they'll remember the new Coke story. I don't remember when that that was a long time ago.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But it's a famous enough story like Lillian. Are you? Have you heard about the new coke story before.
Lilliana Robinson: I had never heard that. So you just.
George Reed - Noetic: I used to use that example in my 1st ever like pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Chloe. Had you ever heard of it?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, so literally, Coca-cola
Troy Henikoff (he/him): decided, because they're competing with Pepsi and Pepsi was, I think, a little sweeter. And so they decided, we're going to have new coke, which is going to be better. And they did this whole marketing campaign, and literally the can was changed, and it was called New Coke, and they put it out there. But they had this loyal following. People like that tastes like shit that doesn't taste like the coke, I know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and it was such a flop that they for a little while they had both. They brought old Coke back, and then they just dropped new coke, and they only had old Coke. They spent billions of dollars on that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and you know, maybe you might have to tell a little bit of the story. But for your potential investors, I think they'll all have heard that story.
George Reed - Noetic: Maybe.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And certainly anybody who's in that space knows that story.
George Reed - Noetic: Awesome. Thank you. Yeah, this is great feedback.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm guessing that was in the eighties, wasn't it? Eighties or nineties?
George Reed - Noetic: I think it was 88. It was eighties, and I it was definitely lost millennium, that's all I know. I wasn't.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, yeah, I was. I remember it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So. Yeah, if you could come up with a I mean, it is just such an iconic example. If you could come up with a similar example, that is more
Troy Henikoff (he/him): modern, it would be better, for sure, because you want something at top of people's minds but and you could maybe do something with a gatorade or a.
George Reed - Noetic: Examples, yeah, so.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
George Reed - Noetic: For sure. Thank you. Yeah, I love it. Thanks. Trey. Awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, Troy. Well, I'm gonna stop the recording.